Steps to reproduce:
---------------
    Open chart.html in any browser and it should work.
    This chart is interactive, so try hovering mouse on different elements of
    the graph.

Note: There are also screenshots present in ./screenshots directory in case it
doesn't work.


JUSTIFICATIONS:
---------------

**Data choice Justification**
* These data attributes were chosen because there were multiple
trauma occurrences per patient in actual dataset. Representing on an age
scale instead of age-group would not produce useful results as data
will be distributed and also very dense.

* Taking a square root of number of occurrences to represent bubble size is
an attempt to moderate excessively inflated bubbles.

* Differentiating it based on Male/Female patients adds one more dimension
to the information. It was created so as to answer the question:
How trauma occurrences differ by gender?

**Color choice?**
Colors in this chart are picked up from D3's in built category20() color
scale. This scale is used because the colors in it are well differentiated
and works as a bucketing tool, which is what the representation aims for.

**Is D3 good for this chart?**
D3 is an excellent choice for these types of charts/representations.
Adding basic shapes and colors is very easy on D3 as it provides different
types of scales and axes out of the box.
Also since elements generated by D3 are represented as single
entity(DOM elements), they can be worked upon as objects and not just
images. Because of this, generating interactions and animations on them is
also very easy.
