Steps to reproduce:
---------------
    Open chart.html in any browser and it should work.

Note: There are also screenshots present in ./screenshots directory in case it
doesn't work.


JUSTIFICATIONS:
---------------
**Data choice Justification**
* These data attributes were chosen because from chart 1 on
"Trauma occurrences in males/females of different age groups", it was easy
to notice that anxiety and depressions is the most common diagnosis in
patients of both genders. Representing both values in a scalar scale(length)
provides for a better comparison.

**Color choice?**
Colors in this chart is picked up from D3's in built category10() color
scale. As with category20() scale in last chart, category10() scale colors
are also well differentiated but with larger buckets. That is, colors used
in category10 are more easily differentiated because of less number of
buckets and hence larger distances between colors.

**Task Choice**
After creating the first chart, it was quite noticeable that anxiety and
depression was a very common occurrence within same patients.
I picked up these two diagnosis and generated a graph between number of
encounters and each patient trying to represent the correlation between these
two. Grouped bar chart was the tool of choice for this one since my third
dimension contains just two attributes(Anxiety and depression).

**Is D3 good for this chart?**
As with last chart, the same answer goes for this one also.
D3 is an excellent choice for these types of charts/representations.
Adding basic shapes and colors is very easy on D3 as it provides different
types of scales and axes out of the box.
Also since elements generated by D3 are represented as single
entity(DOM elements), they can be worked upon as objects and not just
images. Because of this, generating interactions and animations on them is
also very easy.